[intense music playing]
Bugs!
[clang]
[Homura grunts]
-[man] Down!
-[gasps]
The only ore you'll find on this planet
is harvested by the Stones you find.
After defeating Stones,
the metal you collect is immediately
teleported to Madame Kurenai.
And the amount of metal
you need to transfer
is the number written
across that collar on your neck.
[groans]
[Garrot] Oh I get it, you're newbies.
I suppose it's understandable
that you wouldn't know the rules here yet.
-[whip whooshes and cracks]
-Drop to your knees, peasants!
-[grunts]
-[inaudible]
[grunts]
[screams in pain]
You're gonna be punished and satisfied.
Let go of her, you scum!
Do you know about a ship
called the Edens Zero?
And get this,
according to the info he received,
the ship has an Ether Drive.
[Garrot] Now then,
-let's relax and have some fun here.
-[inaudible]
[loud bang]
Huh?!
Shiki!
You try to oppose my authority,
then other labor camp workers suffer.
[Shiki] Like I care about them.
Homura is my friend and that's that.
I'm not some hero who fights for anyone.
I always fight for my friends.
And I'll take down anyone who hurts them!
["FOREVER" by L'ArcenCiel playing]
RESET
Shiki!
[Garrot] How dare you barge in here
like this during my playtime?
-Don't try to ruin my fun, you brat!
-[thud]
Ha! How foolish to attempt
dodging it that way!
My paralytic whip will go
wherever I want it to!
-[whip cracks]
-[whooshing]
[grunts]
-[whip whooshing]
-What the--?!
Well, I can go whichever way I want
by controlling gravity!
Magimech Attack, Gravity Fist!
[pained groan]
-[slam]
-[Garrot groans]
[grunts]
[groans]
Get dropped into the sky!
[screaming]
-[groans]
-[crash]
Wow, he dropped him onto the ceiling.
[Shiki] Are you okay?
Homura!
[ropes creaking]
You've saved me, Shiki.
I gotta say, I had no idea I wouldn't
be able to utilize my Ether Gear
-if my hands were bound.
-What the--?
Tie my hands up for a second?
[Homura grunts]
-Give it a shot.
-Hmm.
Whoa, it's true!
I can't use my Ether Gear either!
-It was an unexpected weakness.
-[laughs] Rope is amazing!
-It can neutralize Ether Gear…
-Also, Shiki.
-[Shiki] What?
-There's something I want to ask this guy.
[Shiki] Okay. I'll bring him down.
I doubt this slimeball knows anything
about Valkyrie, but maybe.
-[loud crack]
-[gasps]
Valkyrie, you say?
I know that lady extremely well.
That Valkyrie was one good woman.
[both gasp]
[footsteps approaching]
I really appreciate you
letting me use your shower, Nino.
That was kind of you. You're a good guy.
Seriously now, don't mention it.
[gasps] I shouldn't.
Don't fret.
There's no worry about being
eavesdropped on here, we can talk freely.
[Pino] In that case,
could you please tell us
how it is that you know a secret
underground way into the labor camp?
Well, to be honest,
it'd be complicated if I tried to explain.
The people around here call me
Kenzaiten Nino, the Fist of Heaven.
Kenzaiten?
I'm someone Madame Kurenai
has been good to.
[Rebecca gasps] You mean,
you're allied with Madame Kurenai?
Yeah. As such,
I know that Madame Kurenai is currently
looking for a ship called the Edens Zero.
[gasp]
So, Madame Kurenai eavesdropped
on every last region of Sun Jewel,
and located the individuals
who mentioned Edens Zero.
[gasps]
[Rebecca] What a bummer.
I was gonna ask Witch or Sister for help,
but I can't get in touch with them.
We can't connect to the Edens Zero.
Her tech can really pick up
something as trivial as that?
This is quite remarkable.
Hold up. Why is Kurenai
searching for Edens Zero?
[Nino] I've no idea.
I just followed my orders
and made contact with the individual
who had mentioned the Edens Zero.
In other words, you.
[Nino] I was told to take
that individual captive, but…
your Wibble Wobble Ruby Bobble cosplay
was simply out of this world!
Just leave it to me.
I'll wibble wobble your heart!
See, you know how people
say anime will save the universe?!
Oh, do they?
So, Wibble Wobble, I decided I want
to help you guys instead of capturing you.
I suppose Labilia
truly did turn out to be useful.
Nino, are you positive it's okay
to betray Madame Kurenai?
[Nino] Oh, I'm not going
to betray anybody.
She's terrifying!
That's why I'll tell Madame Kurenai
I never found you.
This is as far as I can go to help you.
[Rebecca] Right. Thank you.
The labor camp is dangerous.
Once you retrieve your friends from it,
leave this planet
following the route I told you about.
Hmm!
[Rebecca] However, we're not leaving
until we find Valkyrie, of course.
-[Nino] One last thing.
-Huh?
You'd also look good
cosplaying Angelic Angela.
[Angelic Angela] "I'll be your angel."
[Rebecca] Isn't she half-naked?
Anime will save the universe! [cackles]
He is one strange man…
Saved us, though.
I think we should get a move on
to rescue Master and Homura!
-[Happy] Yeah!
-[Rebecca] Good idea!
[beeping]
So, this is the labor camp.
[Rebecca] Hmm? A bird?
[Pino] It looks like a machine.
-[bird tweets]
-[beeping]
[Rebecca] Oh!
Hmm.
[tweets and beeps simultaneously]
Does it want us to follow it?
I don't know, it could be a trap.
I would recommend caution.
[tweets]
Stay close!
[atmospheric music playing]
[yelps]
[sting]
[beeping]
[Rebecca] Um… Hi?
[man] Be quiet, girl.
Can't you see I'm currently meditating?
Isn't this how you're
supposed to meditate?
-Can't do it.
-I cannot do it.
Hmm?!
[Rebecca screams]
Steal!
Who in the heck is this guy?!
Mysterious actions detected.
What?! You took my B-Cube from me?
But when did you--?
I did that by using my Ether Gear.
I call it Steal Hand.
With my Ether Gear,
I'm able to move objects 10 centimeters.
The Steal Hand's capabilities
allow me to snatch away
other people's personal belongings.
He's bragging.
What a show-off.
That's one hundred percent a crime!
Exactly, and as a result,
I was taken prisoner and then
brought here into the labor camp.
Hmm?
-Steal!
-Huh?
[silence]
Hmm?
[gasps
[man] Pretty nice move, right?
What the hell?!
Don't be stealing my underwear!
-Is this criminal a pervert?
-Yeah, I would say so.
Give me back my panties, you pervert!
These are no mere panties,
they're a trophy.
[Rebecca] Shut up! Go die!
So you're looking
for Lady Valkyrie, right?
[gasps]
[man] I was watching you three
through Flappy.
I believe I have some idea
of why you came here.
[tweets and beeps]
Question, you stated
we must be looking for Valkyrie.
Do you know her?
Of course. My name is Paul.
I'm Lady Valkyrie's pupil, you see.
-[all] Her pupil?
-And before you ask,
-no, I've never met Homura.
-[Rebecca] Wait, you know about Homura?
[Paul] Well, I heard about her
from Lady Valkyrie.
I must admit,
I didn't think Homura would come
all this way to this planet to find her.
I'm not really convinced
that I should be handing you this,
but on the other hand,
maybe I should do so.
Sorry, what do you mean?
[Paul]
The truth is recorded here. On this.
The reason why Lady Valkyrie
disappeared from Homura's life.
The reason why she came to this planet.
And the reason she has not returned.
Wait a sec!
You're saying
something happened to Valkyrie?
[Flappy tweets]
[tweeting]
-[Paul] Hmm, I see.
-[Rebecca] Hey, uh…!
-[Paul] What?!
-[Pino] That man is talking to the bird.
[Happy] Well, it's a machine.
What in the world's going on here?
I don't get it.
It sounds like Lady Valkyrie
doesn't wanna see Homura.
I do not understand what's happening.
Hmm.
[Garrot] So, Valkyrie, huh?
You mean that tan android woman, right?
Everyone here knows who she is.
Where's Valkyrie?
Tell me you know where my teacher is!
Don't worry, I know.
Please, you have to tell me
where to find her!
[grunts]
Not a chance, you idiot.
Hey! You want some more of this, then?
[chuckles]
That collar isn't simply
a counter for mining ore.
As long as it's around your neck,
it marks you as a prisoner.
-[grunts]
-What?
Wardens are allowed to do
whatever we please to prisoners.
Denying 'em meals,
throwing 'em into solitary,
punishing them however we see fit.
Or sending them into the nests
of ferocious Stones.
-[snaps fingers]
-[beam blast]
What's this? [gasps]
What the…?
[Garrot chuckles]
I also enjoy the privilege
of partial access
to the Crimson Eye system.
Bye-bye now, and good riddance.
Wait! Tell me about Valkyrie!
[Shiki screams]
[Garrot] I just sent you peasants
into the nest of a Stone named Black Rock,
the lord of these mines.
Nobody's ever been able
to defeat that Stone,
and yet, so many prisoners have tried to.
You'll both probably
get killed almost immediately.
But even if you manage
to defeat Black Rock,
then Madame Kurenai
will get a heap of metal.
Either way, no matter what happens,
me and Madame Kurenai win.
Ah, the world is such an unfair place.
Man, that really hurts. For Pete's sake.
[groans]
How in the hell
is that scrawny little brat
strong enough to throw me
into the ceiling?
[angry grunts]
It ticks me off!
Maybe I should've killed him and
his hot little friend with my own hands!
Need I remind you, Benzaiten Garrot,
that you shouldn't be
so rough with the prisoners?
After all, these inmates
belong to Madame Kurenai, not you.
[Garrot] Fuzaiten Baku.
How long have you been there?
[Baku] Oh, come on now, Garrot.
That's a pretty strange thing to ask.
You know how fast I am. I just got here.
[Garrot] What do you want, then?
To tell you Madame Kurenai's summoning us.
So, why not just call me to say that?
Well, I suppose, it's because
I wanted to come see you, buddy.
You should know
I'm really irritated right now.
Ah, what a coincidence.
It turns out Madame Kurenai
is presently rather irritated as well.
[Shiki] Dang it!
How did we end up in caves again?
The warden said he knew where Valkyrie is!
-We gotta go back!
-[distant stomp]
[both gasp]
[stomping advancing slowly]
[squealing]
Please, don't tell me it's bugs again!
[stomping grows closer]
[gasps]
[loud thud]
[roaring]
[dramatic music playing]
[both gasping]
What the frigging hell is that?!
Not a bug! It is not a bug!
Now get it together, Shiki!
Look at it closely,
it's not a big bug, it's a big cat!
[drunkenly] It's alright, okay,
it doesn't look like a big old insect.
[Homura] That giant thing is a Stone, too?
[thrilling music plays]
Would you look at the size of that thing?
You think it would be enough to bring
the number on this collar down to zero?
-You want to fight it?
-[Shiki] We can totally take it on!
[grunts] Yeah.
Let's do it!
[thrilling music continues]
Magimech Attack…
Gravity Fist!
Warrior Maid Single-Sword Attack,
Snake Strike!
-[slashing]
-[clang]
-[gasps]
-[screams in pain]
[gasps]
-[roaring]
-[loud rumbling]
[intense music playing]
That was close…
What type of material
is that thing made of?
[cracking]
[buzzing]
[squeals] This noise sounds like…
[whimpering]
-Bugs!
-They're not bugs, they're not insects!
-They're birds! You hear me, Shiki?!
-Huh?
-[body thuds]
-Aw!
[Homura] Not good.
There are too many of them
to defeat by myself.
[blasting lasers]
[gasps]
[female voice] Sorry to keep you waiting!
[heroic music sting]
Man, I've been dying
to say that line for a while now!
Rebecca!
Hmm.
[Rebecca] Homura! Shiki!
Are you two okay?
Yeah. Hi, Pino. Hey, Happy.
Master?
-He appears to have been knocked out.
-[Happy] Yes.
Who's that guy?
His name is Paul and his bird told us
we could find the two of you down here.
-[tweets]
-We need to get out of here, right now!
What are you talking about? I just had
the greatest entrance of my life!
And now you want to up
and leave this cool moment?
There's no way you'll be able
to survive fighting that monster.
Monster? What do you mean?
Those are tiny bugs.
[loud thud]
[screams]
[Rebecca gasping]
[ominous music playing]
What is that thing?!
We only saw the bugs
when we made our entrance.
That Stone is known as Black Rock,
it's the lord of these mines.
Nobody has ever been able
to take that creature down.
And yet, so many have tried to.
-[Homura] Nonetheless, we have to try.
-Hmm?
We'll never be free
from our servitude to Madame Kurenai
if we don't remove these collars.
But if we can defeat that behemoth,
we'll harvest enough medal to be released.
[Paul] Don't you know that metal will just
be sent straight to Madame Kurenai?
[Homura] So what?
That doesn't matter to me.
[Paul] Trust me, you wouldn't be
saying that if you learned the truth.
-[growling]
-[screaming]
My Teacher taught me,
always follow true on your convictions!
Oh…
Homura!
[Rebecca] Your sword!
[Homura] It must have broken apart
during my last attack.
[Rebecca] Can you make yourself a new one?
I can but it will take time.
[loud thud]
[all screaming]
[beeping]
[Pino] Analyzation done!
[grunts]
Its scales are composed of black crystals.
Those gems are an extremely hard mineral.
[gasps]
Does it have a weakness?
There appears to be
a fragile section upon its back.
If you concentrate
a large amount of Ether there,
-maybe you could pierce it.
-[beeping]
We've got to hit its back?
How are we gonna get that close?
If Master would wake up,
he could use Gravity.
-[Homura] Rebecca!
-Huh?
Come over here and step on my sword.
This may be broken but I'll throw you
on to its back with Ether power.
What?!
I need you to trust me.
[gasps]
[thrilling music builds]
Oh…
Hey, do me a favor. Can you catch me?
Oh, I'll catch you, alright!
Like a princess!
[thrilling music builds]
No, I won't reach!
[gasps]
[Rebecca] Shiki!
You'll make it!
Wha…?
[heroic music playing]
[Rebecca] Wha--! There it is!
Happy! Ether Bullet, Full Burst!
-[gunfire]
-[explosion]
[roaring]
[grunts]
Magimech Attack…
Gravity Center!
MAGIMECH ATTACK GRAVITY CENTER
[loud crash]
[screams]
[thud]
[both] Homura, now!
Warrior Maid Single-Sword Attack!
[Homura] Snake bite!
WARRIOR MAID SINGLE-SWORD ATTACK
SNAKE BITE
[squeals]
[grunts happily]
Oh…
[heroic music continues]
-[gasps] Whoa!
-Amazing, we did it!
The Black Rock's crystals
are disappearing!
Yup!
Correct. The precious minerals
are being transferred to Madame Kurenai.
[beeping frantically]
-It's down to zero!
-Yours too, Shiki.
[beeping]
-[beep]
-[both] Huh?!
It went back to 100,000?!
What's going on here?
Stupid Madame, that's not fair!
[Paul] Kurenai has no intention
of releasing you.
[both gasp]
Prisoners who are sent to the labor camps
are then forced to live out
their entire lives here.
All so Madame Kurenai can live
a lavish lifestyle at their expense.
No way!
Then what are we supposed to do?
Steal!
[all gasp]
Our collars!
I could've taken these
oppressive collars off at any time
with my Ether Gear and release you.
-Oh, showing off again.
-He sure is.
[clack]
Hmm.
[emotional music plays]
[Paul] Homura.
I suspected you may come to Sun Jewel,
so I've held this for you.
[gasps]
[both] Hmm?
[Paul] The object in your hands
contains the record of Valkyrie's truth.
[gasps]
[emotional music playing]
-[gasping softly]
-[chains clank]
[groaning weakly]
[dramatic music playing]
[Garrot] What in the world is that thing?
[Kurenai] Someone who'd come in
for the attendant interview.
[groaning]
[Kurenai] I figured I'd keep him
as a pet for a while since he's so cute.
How distasteful, I pity the poor guy.
You could make a fine pet
for her as well, you know?
[Kurenai] Never mind
all this talk about my pets.
I'm extremely irritated at the moment.
A little birdie whispered in my ear
that Valkyrie's people
are planning another uprising.
Now that I have a lead
on a new potential source of income,
why don't we activate
the Crimson Eye system
and incinerate the entire labor camp?
[sudden sting]
["" by Sayuri playing]
MY MOTHER, THE MACHINE